hey guys welcome back to my channel so
today I'm gonna be filming a buku haul
and review video all of these items I
purchased by myself this video is not
sponsored there's no affiliate links
whatsoever this is just me
letting you know my experience in boohoo
so I only bought three things just cuz I
wasn't sure if I would like to clothing
or not and I wasn't sure like what the
material would be like but yeah let's
just go ahead and get started but before
we do make sure you subscribe if you
haven't already um yeah but let's get
going so the first thing I got was this
bodysuit and the names of these items
are just like so intense so I'm just
gonna read the name from it really
quickly this is called the tall karina
extreme high leg plunge thong bodysuit
in black I know quite a mouthful yeah so
it just looks like this there will be a
Tryon portion so you guys can see this
there might be a little bit easier to
tell what's going on because right now
it just kind of looks like a lot of
fabric it don't have too much to say
about this one either than the fact that
the material is really thin you guys can
kind of see that it's really see-through
when I just like hold it up with my
lights and everything I don't know if
it's gonna be this see-through on the
body obviously you guys will see it in
the try on haul if it's like well I'll
be wearing over obviously but you'll be
able to see my bra fits very see-through
or not yeah and I also really like the
fact that this fly suit is a thong um I
hate when body suits have like a full
bum just because when you're wearing
jeans or something like that it gives
you like panty lines and I really don't
like that in body suits this one's
really cute I might do a little
adjustment and just like so a little
loop to make the V a little bit less
deep I don't know I'm just because it is
quite plunging I was thinking about
wearing this to a festival but we shall
see umm yeah so moving on to the next
item I picked up this really cute
overall dress and the name of this is
called the Betty black denim dungarees
pinafore dress in black oh and
everything I got is in a US size
four so like a small I don't know I
think that's what small is anyway so
this one is really cute I don't know how
well I'm gonna be able to show it right
now I'm holding it up but you will see
it on the Tryon portion like I said
earlier it's just a overall dress really
cute I was thinking festival when I
bought this so let me know if you guys
want to see like some type of festival
lookbook cuz I will definitely put one
of those together for you guys I really
like this one I don't have any
complaints either than it does say that
it might rub on two light colored
fabrics but I don't think that'll be a
problem if I just wash it alone once
just like get the dye out of it a little
bit and yeah but this one is super cute
and I'm really excited about wearing
this to a music festival this summer the
last item I picked up is this really
cute mesh bodysuit and the name of it is
called the rose turtleneck all-over mesh
bodysuit in black and I really really
like this one this was like the main
reason that I placed an order of boohoo
because I've been looking for this type
of bodysuit everywhere and I just
haven't been able to find it or if I
found it if it's been like literally
$80.00 and I'm like any dollars for mesh
are you kidding me like that's not even
clothing anyways but like you can see
here it's just like this little
turtleneck mesh long-sleeved bodysuit
it's super cute and like I said earlier
I've been waiting it's like buy one of
these for a really long time there's two
things that I don't like about this one
the first one being that it does have a
full bottom which is like really
annoying
um and the second one being that the
material feels a little bit cheap but
again you're not paying very much for it
and there was a sale going on when I
bought this it was like 70% off or
something so it was so cheap so you
really are like you get what you pay for
um it's inexpensive but the material is
a little bit
it's like forever 21 mature you know
it's not the best but it's like you're
paying like nothing for it so I mean you
can like kind of weigh out the
differences anyways yeah so this one's
super cute you'll see it on the
portion of this I think I'm gonna style
it with like like a black bra or like a
black tank top underneath it really
depends on where you're wearing it to I
got that one probably to go out to the
club or like a bar just because I am 19
and in Canada 19 is the legal age thank
you guys so much for watching this video
make sure to give it a big thumbs up if
you like haul videos and let me know in
the comments down below if you want to
see some type of accessible videos I can
do makeup I can do hair I can do
lookbook um and also subscribe if you
haven't already it would make me super
happy and I will see you guys in my
[Music]
you